README.md, before:

# Beercation App 

<img src='/images/barrel.png' alt='barrel-logo' width='100px'/>

Meet Beercation, the ultimate app for beer enthusiasts looking to travel to cities around the US to try the best new brews. Simply enter the name of your next travel destination to see a list of breweries, bars, and brewpubs in that city. You can then filter by brewery type, and click on any specific brewery card to view more information. 

To help you plan your beertastic trip, you can easily mark any brewery as "To Visit" or "Visited" from both its card view and its detail page view, and then view them on the To Visit and Visited pages in the navigation bar. If you change your mind, you can always un-mark any brewery. 

Breweries marked as "To Visit" and "Visited" are saved to localStorage for data persistence, since I did not build a back-end for this project. 

This application is the final solo project of module 3 of the Turing School Front End program. [See details here >](https://frontend.turing.io/projects/module-3/binary-challenge.html)

## Setup Instructions 

1. Clone down this repo onto your local machine and cd into the directory
2. Run npm install in your terminal
3. Once the installation is complete, run `npm start`
4. Go to `http://localhost:3000/` in your browser to view and interact with the application

## Technologies Used

- React
- React Router
- CSS
- React Testing Library
- Jest 
- [ListBreweries API](https://www.openbrewerydb.org/documentation/01-listbreweries)

## Preview of the Application

**Search for breweries in a US city**  
![search functionality](readme-assets/search.gif)
  
**Filter breweries by type**  
![search functionality](readme-assets/filter.gif)

**Mark any brewery as "to visit" or "visited"**  
![search functionality](readme-assets/mark-cards.gif)

**View individual brewery details** 
![search functionality](readme-assets/brewery-details.gif)

**View your saved breweries on the To Visit and Visited pages**  
![search functionality](readme-assets/user-saved.gif)

## App Creator

Rachel Williams:   
[GitHub](https://github.com/rwilliams659)   
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rachelsarahwilliams/)

Commit message:

Add future plans to readme

README.md, after:

# Beercation App 

![logo](readme-assets/barrel.png)

Meet Beercation, the ultimate app for beer enthusiasts looking to travel to cities around the US to try the best new brews. Simply enter the name of your next travel destination to see a list of breweries, bars, and brewpubs in that city. You can then filter by brewery type, and click on any specific brewery card to view more information. 

To help you plan your beertastic trip, you can easily mark any brewery as "To Visit" or "Visited" from both its card view and its detail page view, and then view them on the To Visit and Visited pages in the navigation bar. If you change your mind, you can always un-mark any brewery. 

Breweries marked as "To Visit" and "Visited" are saved to localStorage for data persistence, since I did not build a back-end for this project. 

This application is the final solo project of module 3 of the Turing School Front End program. <a href="https://frontend.turing.io/projects/module-3/binary-challenge.html" target="_blank">See details here ></a>

## Setup Instructions 

1. Clone down this repo and cd into the directory
2. Run `npm install`
3. Run `npm start`
4. Go to `http://localhost:3000/` in your browser to view the application

## Technologies Used

- React
- React Router
- CSS
- React Testing Library
- Jest 
- <a href="https://www.openbrewerydb.org/documentation/01-listbreweries" target="_blank">ListBreweries API</a>

## Preview of the Application

**Search for breweries in a US city**  
![search functionality](readme-assets/search.gif)
  
**Filter breweries by type**  
![search functionality](readme-assets/filter.gif)

**Mark any brewery as "to visit" or "visited"**  
![search functionality](readme-assets/mark-cards.gif)

**View individual brewery details** 
![search functionality](readme-assets/brewery-details.gif)

**View your saved breweries on the To Visit and Visited pages**  
![search functionality](readme-assets/user-saved.gif)

## Future Plans

My future plans for the app include:
- Adding functionality so that users can also search for a particular brewery
- Allow a user to add a rating and comments to any saved brewery

## App Creator

Rachel Williams:   
[GitHub](https://github.com/rwilliams659)   
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rachelsarahwilliams/)
